// Ejemplo de archivo de preguntas para TOGAF 10
// Usa #BLOCK n para indicar bloque, Q: para la pregunta y A)/B)/C)/D) para opciones.
// Marca con * la respuesta correcta.

#BLOCK 1
Q: TOGAF se define como un marco de trabajo para...
A) La gestión de proyectos
B) *El desarrollo y la gestión de arquitectura empresarial
C) La administración de redes
D) El diseño de bases de datos

Q: Which of the following best describes why the TOGAF Standard is suitable as a framework for Enterprise Architecture?
A) *It de-risks a technically complex process.
B) It contains an extensive body of knowledge called the TOGAF Library.
C) The TOGAF documentation includes the universal concepts of Enterprise
A)chitecture.
D. It enables more effective decision-making by business leaders.

Q: Complete the sentence: Three of the four architecture domains that are commonly accepted as subsets of an overall Enterprise Architecture are ?
A) Baseline, Transition, Target.
B) *Data, Application, Technology.
C) Capability, Segment, Strategic.
D) Abstract, Logical, Physical.

Q: Which architecture abstraction level answers why an enterprise undertakes architecture work, and what is the scope of work?
A) Conceptual
B) *Contextual
C) Logical
D) Physical

Q: Which of the following is a structural framework that allows an enterprise to distinguish between different types of architectural assets?
A) Architecture Framework
B) *Architecture Repository
C) Governance Repository
D) Strategic Architecture

Q: Which of the following is a purpose of gap analysis?
A) Assessing readiness for change within an Enterprise Architecture team
B) Documenting a categorization framework to structure architecture views
C) *Identifying shortfalls between Baseline and Target Architectures
D) Finding a balance between positive and negative outcomes

Q: Complete the sentence: The Enterprise Continuum provides a classification for ?
A) *architecture and solution artifacts.
B) architecture views and viewpoints.
C) risk categorizations.
D) services and information systems.

Q: Which does the TOGAF Standard define as a collection of organizations that have common goals?
A) An architecture
B) *An enterprise
C) A federation
D) A system

Q: Complete the sentence: The Enterprise Metamodel defines ?
A) a categorization model used to structure the Architecture Description.
B) a structural model for an Architecture Repository.
C) the assets in use by the enterprise as a structural model.
D) *the types of entities used in models describing the enterprise.

Q: Complete the sentence: Risk management is ?
A) a categorization model used prior to determining mitigating actions.
B) about predicting future shortfalls in a Target Architecture.
C) *striking a balance between positive and negative outcomes.
D) the effect of uncertainty on objectives.

Q: Which of the following is defined as the highest level (typically) of description of an organization and typically covers all missions and functions?
A) Business Architecture
B) Digital Architecture
C) *Enterprise
D) Target Architecture

Q: Which of the following is defined as a specification that has been formally reviewed and agreed upon, that thereafter serves as the basis for further development?
A) *Baseline
B) Deliverable
C) Requirement
D) Work package

Q: Which of the following is defined as the fundamental concepts or properties of a system in its environment embodied in its elements, relationships, and in the principles of its design and evolution?
A) *Architecture
B) Architecture domain
C) Architecture Framework
D) Architecture model

Q: What is defined as the statement of difference between two states?
A) Architecture
B) *Gap
C) Requirement
D) Work package

#BLOCK 2
Q: ¿Qué significa ADM en TOGAF?
A) Architecture Decision Model
B) *Architecture Development Method
C) Agile Development Methodology
D) Application Design Model

#BLOCK 3
Q: ¿Qué técnica está asociada con la identificación de interesados?
A) *Stakeholder Map
B) Data Modeling
C) Network Topology
D) Regression Testing
